---
ID: 6551
post_title: Testimonials
post_name: testimonials
author: Kim Desmond
post_date: 2016-12-06 08:10:19
layout: page
link: https://codingnomads.co/testimonials/
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories: [ ]
---
[fusion_builder_container hundred_percent="no" equal_height_columns="no" menu_anchor="" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" background_color="" background_image="" background_position="center center" background_repeat="no-repeat" fade="no" background_parallax="none" parallax_speed="0.3" video_mp4="" video_webm="" video_ogv="" video_url="" video_aspect_ratio="16:9" video_loop="yes" video_mute="yes" overlay_color="" video_preview_image="" border_size="" border_color="" border_style="solid" padding_top="" padding_bottom="" padding_left="" padding_right="" admin_label="Video"][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type="1_1" layout="1_1" background_position="left top" background_color="" border_size="" border_color="" border_style="solid" border_position="all" spacing="yes" background_image="" background_repeat="no-repeat" padding_top="" padding_right="" padding_bottom="" padding_left="" margin_top="0px" margin_bottom="0px" class="" id="" animation_type="" animation_speed="0.3" animation_direction="left" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" center_content="no" last="no" min_height="" hover_type="none" link=""][fusion_youtube id="cj77kuLxZV8" alignment="center" width="768" height="432" autoplay="false" api_params="&amp;rel=0" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" css_id="" /][fusion_separator style_type="default" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" sep_color="" top_margin="30px" bottom_margin="" border_size="" icon="" icon_circle="" icon_circle_color="" width="" alignment="center" /][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container][fusion_builder_container hundred_percent="no" equal_height_columns="no" menu_anchor="" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" background_color="" background_image="" background_position="center center" background_repeat="no-repeat" fade="no" background_parallax="none" parallax_speed="0.3" video_mp4="" video_webm="" video_ogv="" video_url="" video_aspect_ratio="16:9" video_loop="yes" video_mute="yes" overlay_color="" video_preview_image="" border_size="" border_color="" border_style="solid" padding_top="" padding_bottom="" padding_left="" padding_right="" admin_label="Student Testimonials"][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type="1_1" layout="1_1" background_position="left top" background_color="" border_size="" border_color="" border_style="solid" border_position="all" spacing="yes" background_image="" background_repeat="no-repeat" padding_top="" padding_right="" padding_bottom="" padding_left="" margin_top="0px" margin_bottom="0px" class="" id="" animation_type="" animation_speed="0.3" animation_direction="left" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" center_content="no" last="no" min_height="" hover_type="none" link=""][fusion_text columns="" column_min_width="" column_spacing="" rule_style="default" rule_size="" rule_color="" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id=""]
<h2 style="text-align: center;">Student Testimonials</h2>
<h4 style="text-align: center;">See all our reviews at <a href="https://www.switchup.org/bootcamps/codingnomads" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">SwitchUp</a> &amp; <a href="https://www.coursereport.com/schools/codingnomads" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">CourseReport</a></h4>
[/fusion_text][al_fb_reviews show_total="no" top_total_color="" show_average="yes" top_rating_color="#ffe500" top_text_color="" total_average_position="top" top_reverse="no" top_stacking="no" trunc_mode="line" trunc_max_characters="" trunc_max_words="" trunc_max_lines="10" trunc_appended_text="ellipsis" trunc_custom_appended_text="" trunc_full_review_text="" trunc_full_review_style="below" trunc_show_less_review="no" trunc_less_review_text="" trunc_less_review_style="below" trunc_full_review_text_color="" display_style="grid" slider_timing="5" slider_columns="1" slider_shift="0" diff_mobile_columns="no" slider_columns_mobile="1" slider_shift_mobile="0" show_arrows="no" show_arrows_mobile="no" slider_arrow_shape="chevron" slider_arrow_color="" show_pagination="no" show_pagination_mobile="no" slider_pagination_inner_color="" slider_pagination_outer_color="" grid_columns="2" grid_initial_rows="3" grid_more_rows="2" grid_diff_mobile_columns="yes" grid_columns_mobile="1" grid_initial_rows_mobile="3" grid_more_rows_mobile="2" grid_button_mode="builtin" grid_button_id="" grid_button_text="" grid_button_color="" grid_button_hover_color="" grid_button_text_color="" grid_button_text_hover_color="" randomize_order="no" show_quotation_marks="no" background_color="" title_text_color="" title_font_size="" rating_color="#ffe500" text_color="" font_size="" avatar_border_radius="50%" border_radius="" enable_border="no" enable_by_author="yes" border_color="" border_size="1px" align="left" override_padding="no" padding="" override_margin="no" margin="" target="_self" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" enable_microdata="no" microdata_product_name="" microdata_type="Product" microdata_identifier=""][al_fb_review name="Taner A." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/TanerAli.jpg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

This was an amazing experience! I learned to code while I was in paradise on a small island in Thailand.

While I was researching bootcamps, CodingNomads was one of the first ones I discovered and I kept coming back to it as I was researching others. It was the clear choice due to its curriculum (the fact that it was gonna be in an exotic destination was a bonus, of course), all other bootcamps focused more on front-end web development technologies, where core concepts in software development are never taught. The ones that did focus more on core software development were too expensive, sometimes more than twice as much as this one.

Ryan (the instructor) was a great teacher and obviously has had a lot of experience in the field working as a software engineer in San Francisco for a very long time.

The one thing I would strongly advise candidates that decide to join this course is to read the first 5-6 chapters of Java: A Beginner’s Guide (the official guide by the developer of the Java language, Oracle) before arriving at the destination. It shouldn’t take more than a week or two, but will make your learning experience much more effective.

Also, Ryan, Kim (the business manager and his wife), and all the others from the course were awesome! We had a great time together!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Ashley G." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/ashley.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

Tahoe local here!
I can't say enough good things about this course, friendships made and awesome adventures.
I originally signed up for the class since it was the only one in my area and I'm so glad I did! From meeting class mates from all over the world to a fun class environment; it was absolutely perfect. Even during a few weeks of online work before our physical class began there was always someone online and available to answer questions or get past a sticky spot (and I'm talking 11:30 at night available).
Ryan is a fantastic teacher and can explain even the most difficult concepts into basic understanding (I'm looking at you, "Big O"). The overall flow of the course was perfect; from starting online for a few weeks, the physical class for 2 months (June/July) and online again for August to work on our final project. It was also a perfect balance of learning new concepts in the morning, break for lunch and then most afternoons were spent doing challenges or projects based on what we learned. The class size was also great for collaborating together and getting experience of working with a team and also the ability to work solo. The class itself moved at a very fast pace, but Ryan always made sure everyone was on the same page before moving on to new topics. The class was also had a great sense of camaraderie and was more than willing to help one another out if in a pinch (this coming from a relatively shy girl, too!).
Long review short; SIGN UP! JUST DO IT! It'll be the best few months of your life!
I only regret not doing one of these classes remotely; which, I can't wait to sign up for another class again and continue learning, all while seeing other cool places around the world.

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Daniel K." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/DaniKapitanov.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

Choosing to attend CodingNomads’ course in Koh Tao, Thailand was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. It wasn’t an easy decision to make, but it paid off completely!

The teachers – Ryan and Kim are some of the most lovely people you’ll ever meet and are always willing to go the extra mile for you and provide you with help and assistance for anything you might need. They make sure you have a great time not only in the classroom but also outside!

Overall, the price to value ratio was amazing and the whole group learned an unbelievable amount of skills over the course of the 3 months. I was concerned that the environment might make it harder to study and concentrate, but it was actually the other way around, as the calm, sunny and beautiful atmosphere filled us with energy and helped us to work with motivation throughout the whole day. I definitely recommend!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Yovalice R." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/YovaliceRoman.jpg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]
<p style="text-align: left;">Having the opportunity to learn Java, SQL and AWS, traveling to a new place, meeting new people and paying less than in most bootcamps is something you can’t miss. The CodingNomads bootcamp is very well organized and teaches what you will need to be a successful junior software engineer.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Ryan, the instructor has a lot of experience in software engineering and really loves to teach so you can be sure that you will learn even when things get really difficult because Ryan will kindly explain things as much as is needed, you will be studying in your free time, you will be doing a lot of homework and most important you will be coding.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">It takes a lot of work but you can be sure it will be worthy. I don’t have enough words to express my gratitude towards Ryan and Kim. They are successful young people, they have a lot of knowledge and are willing to share that with everyone. If you are looking for an amazing affordable bootcamp to learn to code, you should do this one with CodingNomads.</p>
[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Anonymous" avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/WomanAvatar.png" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

My experience overall with CodingNomads was great and I’m glad I choose to be a part of the program.

I’ve found this to be a great value for the money. It’s about 1/3 of the price of most server-side programs in the US and provides an amazing life experience in addition to the course. Our group was small, so we had significantly better access/attention than otherwise.

Also, this is more than just a job for Ryan and Kim – we worked and traveled together constantly, and they’ve been incredibly supportive of us in and out of the classroom. I felt that the program had more of a start-up feel than that of an established bootcamp. This allowed the structure to be flexible and accommodate the pace/needs of the group. We also had the opportunity to talk about newer technologies that weren’t part of the curriculum and get to know seasoned developers who were also working in the co-working space.

Coding bootcamps are ambitious and a lot of work, and this one is no exception. I think it’s best suited for someone who’s self-driven, knows what they want to get out of the course, and can speak up when they have questions.

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Andrea H." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/andrea.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

This bootcamp was an amazing experience! Ryan and Kim helped with everything (interviewing and negotiating jobs at the end of the bootcamp in particular). My class was small and I basically had one-on-one time with our great teacher or TA whenever I needed it. My class was the first one that Roi taught but he took to it really well. It was evident that he really really cared about how much we learned and enjoyed teaching us. At the end of the in-class portion I had created a great project for my resume (with tons of help from Roi and Trevor). Then we built a second project as a group during the at-home portion of the course. Large projects like these were very helpful when it came to job hunting later on. Getting out of my daily routine by traveling to a different country helped me focus on learning. The added bonus of scuba-diving and other tropical adventures made the overall experience so much better than I could have imagined!

It took about 2 months of hard work after the bootcamp was over before I got a full-time job as a software engineer but Ryan was there every step of the way. His advice and help were irreplaceable. Every time I sent a message to Ryan or Roi they responded immediately and were beyond helpful. I hands down recommend CodingNomads for anyone wanting to land their first software job and have an incredible time doing it!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Madoka K." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/WomanAvatar.png" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

I was able to learn more than I thought within the 4 months of this program. Ryan, our instructor, was committed and determined to help us as much as he can during class time. I personally really think Ryan is an intelligent individual. Personally, I thought,"How can one absorb and input so much information into his brain". There were many times when I felt behind and lost, but he was always there for me and encouraged me to try my best, which helped me mentally to get me back on my foot. In addition, Caden, an instructor who was helping us online from far, would always be down to help us even after class. Overall, it was an experience of commitment and determination, and I freaking loved it. I am genuinely grateful for being able to meet such hardworking, determined, and intelligent individuals who are facing their dream path. I've learned to code, and I will keep learning how to code; but, learning how to code was only a piece of what I learned from this whole experience.

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Anonymous" avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/WomanAvatar.png" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

CodingNomads was superior to any other learning experience I have ever had.

The CodingNomads boot camp is an amazing class that you won’t want to miss out on. It is amazing because it is relatively affordable (compared to other boot camps with similar stacks), you get to live and experience another country (also very affordable!), and Ryan is a fantastic teacher, and his wife, Kim, is a great resource and an inspiring business woman. I am so lucky to have spent so much time with them! They are incredibly smart and talented and I can’t imagine doing this kind of thing with anyone else.

If you have the drive and the will, take this course!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Robert L." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Robert-Jan_Lub_500px_sq.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

A big fat pro for this bootcamp is the location. Obviously, learning how to code in a paradise like Bali is pretty cool.

But additional to that, for me being out of my daily environment really helped me stay focused. Since I was so far away from my colleagues, friends and family (Netherlands) and we lived in different time-zones, I didn't get any distraction other then what I consciously chose. For me that meant long productive days during the week. The weekends I went out to explore the Island, which obviously is a good way of relaxing and getting energized again for the next, productive, week.

Another big fat pro are the instructors. Martin and Caden are awesome. They will give you everything they have, with all their energy. Where needed they will adjust the program to your needs and supply you with additional materials. They know a lot! And when your interests take you places they don't know, they will explore it with you. Also besides class, we had a lot of fun. Having dinners or drinks together, exploring the area or playing some card games. They were always up for something. Also Roy, the instructor of the Java course should be mentioned here. Three awesome guys.

The organization and contact with Kim and Ryan also went smoothly. They set the right expectations, help you get settled in and are very much open for feedback. They will do anything in their power to make this the best possible experience for you. Thanks!
Ryan and Kim will also give you job support. I didn't need it, since I was already employed while during the course, but of what I saw was I would say it is worth 5 stars. They will give you very practical advice like how to set up your resume, but will also practice 1-on-1 or whiteboard interviews. Good stuff!

If you are looking for a course where you will master all the general Python skills and get a good general understanding of Web-development, look no further. After the course you are able to build pretty neat web-applications and throw them on the internet, accessible to anyone.

Just one small disclaimer: you are going to get just as much out of this bootcamp as you are willing to put in it. The work will not happen by itself, and they will not come and drag you to class. That, obviously, is your responsibility! :)

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Laura M." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/LauraMayolVargas_Learn-PythonBCN_500px.jpg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

I just finished the Python Bootcamp and highly recommend CodingNomads. As an experienced data analyst, I figured Python was a good next step towards data science (plus I wanted to travel!) - now I feel confident this was the right step for me!

Our instructors, Martin and Caden, were not only knowledgeable but so supportive, they were willing to adjust based on each of our needs and I truly felt that they cared for our success. I see them more as mentors now, which is awesome to have this relationship. The group was also very inspiring to me - most of us coming from different paths but determined to learn Python. We had a lot of fun together on our weekend outings, developed a "team" feeling and I have learned something from every person!

I just wish I could do it all over again with their next course!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Patrick V." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Patrick-sq_500px.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

When taking prep courses for a few other bootcamps in Chicago, I felt that I was just another number in the system. I’ve always had a passion for travel, and this led me to search for bootcamps abroad. After finding CodingNomads, I reached out for more information and was immediately put in contact with Kim and Ryan, who were more than helpful! They were extremely flexible with setting up times to talk about the course, and answered any questions I had. This was a common theme once I was enrolled as well. CodingNomads personalized support is unmatched!

I decided to join the program, and packed my bags. I was greeted the first night by our instructors, Caden and Martin, and they could not have been more hospitable.They set up a welcome dinner for the entire class, which was a great way to start the course. Even more impressive than how incredibly nice both of them were, was how knowledgeable they were. The course was fast paced and can be rigorous at times, but they were there everyday to make sure no one was left behind. It was by no means easy, but with their help it was more than doable. I would never have imagined learning as much as I did while enrolled in this course.

Lastly, the people (both students and instructors) in the course were a blessing I never anticipated. I went there to learn to code, which I did, but during that time I also gained a group of friends that I plan on staying in contact with forever. We hiked the coast, ate tapas on Friday nights after class, even enrolled in exercise classes together. Now everyone in our course is back at home (U.S., Denmark, Saudi Arabia, just to name a few), but we still have weekly video calls to help one another out with code, or sometimes just for friendly checkins.

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Bryce L." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/john_doe.png" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

In 2018, I came from Udacity as an entrance into programming with a scholarship I had received for Android Basics Development. I was excited that I graduated and it felt great, but I also knew I had much more to learn. My desires for learning more were unquenched, I felt like Udacity wanted to push you out the door once you graduate with your nanodegree (which is both good and bad). What I desired was the ability to use a skillset that I mastered not because I followed a bunch of handholding exercises. I wanted to learn more about Java and I know mentorship is paramount for retaining all this stuff. I spoke with Ryan and told him my experience and he told me what to expect from the coursework, etc.. He is not only very friendly but helpful and reliable as he has vast experience(16 years if I remember correctly) in Java. Do you need help in Git, GitHub, Linux, Job support, anything Java he can help you? If you're feeling stressed and your brain has Ka-Bloomed! he offers moral support. CodingNomads only strengthened my understanding of more than I could ever do on my own. Ryan has been very helpful with learning Java and everything you need to know in between. Besides Java, you will learn how to use the command line which employers will expect of you. Retaining information is three times easier when you have a mentor, and if you're serious about coding or just want to get started, I would highly suggest reaching out to Ryan to be your mentor.

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Andy M." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/andy.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

I attended the 2018 Java bootcamp in Playa del Carmen, Mexico which included 4 weeks remote work preparation, 8 weeks on site in Mexico and a following 4 weeks remote work on the final project. I had a great time on the course! Playa del Carmen had a very relaxed vibe and it was easy to walk everywhere which was great! I thought the teaching was great and Roi was happy to explain anything we had questions about throughout the course.

I found being away from home and learning remotely really made me motivated and focused on learning which is something I had struggled with when trying to learn independently. Roi had had experience in the software industry and could answer questions and provide advice on good practise used in the industry which is unlikely to be something I would have learned on my own. Roi was also keen to set us extra challenges and teach us things outside of the current curriculum when it was clear we understood the curriculum well, this led to us creating our own Android apps which was great fun and something I had always wanted to play around with.

I found the experience of working at the the coworking space really enjoyable, we met lots of new people with interesting backgrounds and stories which is something I wasn't expecting! The facilities were great there and the coworking space often had events we joined to meet other digital nomads.

I found the work/play balance was much better than I expected, I was expecting to just stay in the same city for the whole 8 weeks but we managed to arrange a trip to Mexico City to see some of the Day of the Dead celebrations as well as trips to Tulum and Merida to see the cities and visit some Mayan ruins which were amazing! Playa has lots of things to do and see nearby and I expect I will go back there in the future to see some of the sights I missed!

Overall, I would recommend CodingNomads to anyone who is looking to jump into the world of software development, as this type of learning experience will give you the practical skills to start making your own applications from scratch, which I feel is really empowering and motivating to start making projects of your own! That combined with the experience of living in a new country and meeting new and interesting people from around the world makes this a really rewarding experience that I would do again in a heartbeat!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Kadri R." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/kadri.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

I had been looking for a course like this in Barcelona for a while, so I was very excited to learn about the CodingNomads Python/Django course! From day 1 we dove deep into Python, the pace was fast but never did I feel that I or anyone else in the class was left behind. The days were intense, but the whole group was just a bunch of awesome and supportive people, so the days flew by fast, way too fast! Our instructors Martin and Caden were both one of a kind - smart, fun and approachable, adding even more to the experience. Would totally do another one! :)

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Duncan C." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/duncan.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

Having never coded before this was a personal challenge for myself to jump into something which i have previously not been comfortable with. Mixing the learning with travel experiences allowed me to still have a good time and explore new places. People on the course and the instructors were great fun and helped to make the experience as unique and valuable as it was.

Having the groundwork in place has now helped with my job as an accountant and come up with new innovative ways in which the business can stay on top of the every evolving tech environment. I t has given me a great framework in coding should i choose to further develop this skill.

Highly recommend

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Ras G." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/ras.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

I decided to go with CodingNomads after thoroughly researching coding boot-camps for the best Python options in terms of curriculum, timing, quality of the facilities, teachers and support staff. Kim was beyond professional and also let a dedication and devotion to her team shine through.

Once I was signed up, Kim and Ryans team, Caden and Martin came on stage.

It was clear from the start that Caden was going to drive us to success with his friendly yet ambitious coaching and leadership from the day I signed up and that Martin with his enthusiastic and optimistic style and incredible skill had put incredible effort into the course material which was well structured, friendly, upbeat and super-useful on all levels.

Caden and Martin are both natural educators and did an incredible job of getting us from n00bs to actual Python developers the six weeks - but they also drove the flock in a way that made us come together as a team and friends. Their enthusiasm for nature-outings on the weekends, outings into the Barcelona nightlife, Crossfit and many other little supportive efforts made us feel like we were all star players in the NHL getting special treatment. Kim helped find an wonderful apartment for myself and two other guys seven minutes walking distance from the fantastic Betahaus co-working space. The apartment turned out to be a great place for informal late-night hackathons, card-games and class gatherings.

This is the third last day of the course and I am left in awe of the fact that I am actually now capable of building the complex trading platform I have set out to do. Not only that, but I have a bunch of new friends that you would normally only get after spending years together in college.

I can't wait for my next CodingNomads trip!

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Ivan C." avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/ivan.jpeg" company="" link="" title="" title_link="" rating="5.0"]

I joined the Bali Bootcamp of 2018 and it was an incredible experience.

The Coding Nomads crew really knows how to run a coding bootcamp in one of the most beautiful places on Earth.

The learning experience was really good, covering a great number of topics and giving us all the tools to move forward on our Software Developing careers.
The speed of the course was fitted to the group and the teachers always made an effort to make sure none got left behind.
After finishing the bootcamp, the Coding Nomads team has been in constant contact with me, pushing me to keep coding, helping me build my resume and find job opportunities

Beyond the pure academical experience, joining Coding Nomads Bootcamp in Bali was one of the most amazing experiences of my life; by the end of the course both the teachers and my fellow campmates became my friends and when we were not coding, we had the incredible experiences enjoying all the fun that a place like Bali can offer.

Work Hard, Play hard and Push it to the limit!

[/al_fb_review][/al_fb_reviews][fusion_text columns="" column_min_width="" column_spacing="" rule_style="default" rule_size="" rule_color="" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id=""]
<h4 style="text-align: center;">See all our coding bootcamp reviews on <a href="https://www.switchup.org/bootcamps/codingnomads" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">SwitchUp</a> &amp; <a href="https://www.coursereport.com/schools/codingnomads" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">CourseReport</a></h4>
[/fusion_text][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container][fusion_builder_container hundred_percent="no" equal_height_columns="no" menu_anchor="" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" background_color="" background_image="" background_position="center center" background_repeat="no-repeat" fade="no" background_parallax="none" parallax_speed="0.3" video_mp4="" video_webm="" video_ogv="" video_url="" video_aspect_ratio="16:9" video_loop="yes" video_mute="yes" overlay_color="" video_preview_image="" border_size="" border_color="" border_style="solid" padding_top="" padding_bottom="" padding_left="" padding_right="" admin_label="Industry Testimonials"][fusion_builder_row][fusion_builder_column type="1_1" layout="1_1" background_position="left top" background_color="" border_size="" border_color="" border_style="solid" border_position="all" spacing="yes" background_image="" background_repeat="no-repeat" padding_top="" padding_right="" padding_bottom="" padding_left="" margin_top="0px" margin_bottom="0px" class="" id="" animation_type="" animation_speed="0.3" animation_direction="left" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" center_content="no" last="no" min_height="" hover_type="none" link=""][fusion_text columns="" column_min_width="" column_spacing="" rule_style="default" rule_size="" rule_color="" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id=""]
<h2 style="text-align: center;">Industry Testimonials</h2>
[/fusion_text][al_fb_reviews show_total="no" top_total_color="" show_average="no" top_rating_color="#ffe500" top_text_color="" total_average_position="top" top_reverse="no" top_stacking="no" trunc_mode="line" trunc_max_characters="" trunc_max_words="" trunc_max_lines="10" trunc_appended_text="ellipsis" trunc_custom_appended_text="" trunc_full_review_text="" trunc_full_review_style="below" trunc_show_less_review="no" trunc_less_review_text="" trunc_less_review_style="below" trunc_full_review_text_color="" display_style="grid" slider_timing="5" slider_columns="1" slider_shift="0" diff_mobile_columns="no" slider_columns_mobile="1" slider_shift_mobile="0" grid_columns="2" grid_initial_rows="3" grid_more_rows="2" grid_diff_mobile_columns="yes" grid_columns_mobile="1" grid_initial_rows_mobile="4" grid_more_rows_mobile="1" grid_button_mode="builtin" grid_button_id="" grid_button_text="" grid_button_color="" grid_button_hover_color="" grid_button_text_color="" grid_button_text_hover_color="" background_color="" title_text_color="" title_font_size="" rating_color="#ffe500" text_color="" font_size="" avatar_border_radius="50%" border_radius="" enable_border="no" border_color="" border_size="1px" align="left" override_padding="no" padding="" override_margin="no" margin="" target="_self" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" enable_microdata="no" microdata_product_name=""][al_fb_review name="Supreet Oberoi" avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/supreet.jpeg" company="Oracle" link="https://www.oracle.com/index.html" title="Vice President, IoT &amp; Big Data Applications" title_link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/supreetoberoi/" rating="0.0"]

"I  worked with Ryan over a period of two years in a role that required creating content and delivering that training to customers that ranged from early-stage startups to mature financial institutions. Over this period of time, I got a chance to learn how Ryan distinguishes himself by using his deep technical expertise, excellent written and spoken communication skills, and deep empathy for the student. When developing the curriculum, Ryan always asked himself about all the concepts the student should know by the end of the class, and what is the most engaging way to develop that content. Many people say that they like to put their heart and soul into their work -- sure. But... Ryan sometimes used to spend hours polishing a single page of training content; that is the kind of ethics I have not seen very often! When delivering the content, I discovered a new technique from Ryan, where he partners with the students to learn the content together, instead of developing a very formal student-teacher relationship. He is always cheerful, and his personality makes learning fun, giving courage to the students to tackle even the most daunting technical tasks."

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Jesse Garrison" avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/jesse.jpeg" company="Clear Capital" link="https://www.clearcapital.com/" title="Software Engineer at Clear Capital" title_link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessegarrison1/" rating="0.0"]

"With CodingNomads' help, resources and support I was able to go from total beginner to a career in web development. He helped me from the very start by getting me set up with a development environment and pointing me to tons of learning resources. He prepared me for the continual learning process that comes with software development and has been there through the process. He put his contacts and resources to work and connected me with my first job as a front-end developer. I have been able to take my interest in technology and turn it into a challenging, rewarding and fun career. I have seen first hand the freedom what a career in software development can provide. For two years I lived and worked from Costa Rica, and to this day I am able to work from anywhere with an internet connection. I currently work remotely from my home in Nevada, for a company with headquarters in Silicon Valley and offices around the world. It's pretty sweet."

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Jeff Schobelock" avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/jeff.jpg" company="Capital One" link="https://www.capitalone.com/" title="Data Engineer at Capital One" title_link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeff-schobelock-4ba1b6a3/" rating="0.0"]

"Learning from Ryan, it's easy to see that he's passionate about what he does. Ryan is great at breaking down concepts and teaching them in a way that is tailored to how students will best understand them."

[/al_fb_review][al_fb_review name="Rachel Saks" avatar="https://codingnomads.co/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/rachel.jpg" company="HireForce" link="https://www.hireforceteam.com/" title="President &amp; Cofounder of HireForce" title_link="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rachelelizabethriley/" rating="0.0"]

CodingNomads hosted Hireforce for an amazing company trip to Costa Rica. They organized the whole trip for us including all activities, accommodation, logistics and team bonding events. It perfectly planned which was a huge value add for us being a busy start-up. Everyone at Hireforce had a blast and I can say it was great for building a stronger team and culture. They were also able to ensure that we had wifi so that we could be productive throughout the trip. Another highlight was they organized a day for us to give back to the community by volunteering for a day at a local school. The overall experience was wonderful! I can’t recommend Ryan, Kim and the CodingNomads enough. They’re fantastic!

[/al_fb_review][/al_fb_reviews][fusion_youtube id="kSIiBxibP-A" alignment="center" width="768" height="432" autoplay="false" api_params="&amp;rel=0" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" css_id="" /][fusion_separator style_type="default" hide_on_mobile="small-visibility,medium-visibility,large-visibility" class="" id="" sep_color="" top_margin="" bottom_margin="" border_size="" icon="" icon_circle="" icon_circle_color="" width="" alignment="center" /][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container]